---
sidebar_position: 5
---

# The Roadmap

Conventional thinking is to improve existing structures to better reflect human expectations. Human beings like change but are fearful of radical developments. This almost always leads to satisfying decisions and not necessarily optimal ones. A group on Facebook could come together, for example, with a shared vision but it would be limited by the inherent malaise and limited tooling that platform provides. The world of Web3, blockchains and crypto currencies on the other hand provides us ample opportunity to be unlimited in our approach and build a digital network state from scratch. Just like the caveman at Schist, we are stepping out, reaching out and building something truly unhindered.

The above guides our efforts to unite under the vision of a high performing & cash flow positive service DAO that has growing recognition in the Web3 space & utilizes technological advancements to build a shared identity. It is important to mention here that our long cumulative & individual experience in DAOs has taught us that there is one fundamental omission in Balaji's description of steps in the road to the Network State, i.e. the Network State in its infancy would require a high % of active contributors working constantly and consistently in laying the foundations & carrying out the operations of the Network State.

In order for this to happen, the Vision which the community unites under needs to be crystal clear, captivating and inspiring. And in order for it to be carried out incentives should be maintained at all times. The Dean's List Network State identifies this as a critical component hence we are very meticulous in preserving the payments/earning schema for the contributors and also when it comes to the distribution of our new token (looking to maintain a high quorum as much as possible).

Here are the key ingredients of our plan & how far we have come:

Objectives Network Opportunity Metamorphosis Minimum Viable State Target Results Spread the word about Dean's List DAO & build a shared identity using cryptocurrency & blockchain architecture. •69 full citizens •Hyperactive citizenry with an average quorum of 50%. Rapid decisions on multi sig executions. United as one, we act fast & execute fast. •A Council Of The People consisting of at the moment 9 dedicated citizens. • $41,411 in GDP of which $26,831 has been distributed to contributors WORK IN PROGRESS Launch $DEAN Token using Strata Gate community access via Token NFT Issue Governance on Realms Sub Treasury Management on Squads Exclusive discord server as the base of all interactions between citizens Addition of a Royalty/Tax system through Strata Develop workflows Apply for Grants Launch Coinable Store - Web3 E-commerce Expand Services Build embassies Develop foundational elements of a viable state using DAO tooling & other infrastructure Provide opportunities for earning to our citizens by: • Utilizing the core skill set of being Web3 power users. • Identifying and swiftly attacking niche needs across Web3 by building & rapidly developing high quality services. Bridge our legitimacy, capital & network to a physical dimension and complete the anthropology of a digital network state as envisioned by Balaji

The greatest accomplishment, however, has been the way we have positively impacted income distribution for our citizens vis a vis their web2 counterparts. On a per capita basis, since inception, payout per wallet stands at $462.5. This is after a 35% retention to the Treasury which is again utilized for the continued progress of the network state & its citizens. All this for a one time membership fee.

For comparison, the average survey in Web2 pays $1-$2 & you are more likely to be jurisdictionally limited for work or for payments.
